Polymorphism:-(One to many relationship)
-Polymorphism means many forms.
-Polymorphism in java is concept by which we can perform single action in different
ways.-The functionality of method behave differentaly in the different scenario.
Types of polmorphism:-
1>Compile Time Polymorphism(Method,constructor Overloading)
%Method Overloading:=Is in same class,where more than one method have the same name 
but different signature/parameter.
%Constructor Overloading:-Const Overldng in the java referce to the use of more than
 one constructor is in the instance of class.
2>RunTime Polymorphism:-(Method Overriding)
In java there is a no constructor ovveriding is possible in runtime polymorphism.
%Method Ovveriding:- Is a Procedure in which the compiler can allow a child class to
implement as a specific method already prove in the parent class.

*Constructor Overloading:
When a constructor not in our class then compiler insert by default constructor in
the class which is initialized by default value to the member variable of the class,
but when we write atleast one constructor in the class then compiler not insert
by default constructor.
       It search for the matching constructor if its not found then compiler gives
 the error in the class so we can write multiple constructor in the java class with
 different parameter then which constructor will get called is depend upon parameter
 passed to that constructor,which is known as constructor overloading. 

@Method overloading:-
method ovrldng means we can take more than one method with same name but diff parameter 
in one class is possible called method overloading.
       Means we can use a same name for more than one method with different parameter
in single class,which parameter will be called it depends upon parameter passed to 
that method,then behaviour of each method is different its depend upon signature 
pass to that method should be different means are below,

ex:1]Data Type of parameter should be different.
  void add(int,int);
  void add(float,float);//data type of param is diff

2]Number of parameter should be different.
  ex. void add(int,int);2
      void add(int,int,int);3//no of param diff 

3]Sequence of parameter should different.
  ex:- void add(int,float);
       void add(float,int);//sequence of parameter is diff

4]Return Type Of Parameter Is Different
       void add(flot int);
       int add(float,int);
