@Multithreading:-
*Process:-Process means a programm under exicution.
*Thread:-Is a part of process or its single sequential flow of control under 
exicution.
Threre are two types of thread:-
1>Single Threded Application:-In which we can achieve only one task at a time.
2>Multithredead Application:-In which we can achieve multasking in the programm
 because in that multiple threads are there.

*LifeCycle of thread:-
when we create the object of new class then new thread gets create in the programm
 after calling start method by that thread jump into runable state.

*Single Threaded Application:-
By default each and every java application one thread is there which is known as
 main thread,to achieve the reference of currently executing thread.so following 
method are used here,
Thread th=Thread.currentThread();

*Multithreaded Application:-
To create multiple threads,so to create the new object of new class & ovveride the 
run method to process that thread,run method is a predefine method available in thread class &
runnable interface.

*Priority Of Thread:-
when we create multiple thread get exicuted simulteneousaly,but if you want to give the more
preference to the perticuler thread then we can said priority to the thread.when the thread 
get maximum priority get more process as a time, and first preference as compared to 
the thread which get low priority.To set the priority to the thread following method
exist in thread class.
  mtd:- setPriority(int priority);
predefine priorities values in thread class are,
 Thread MAX_PRIORITY 10
 Thread NORM_PRIORITY 5
 Thread MIN_PRIORITY 1
Thread Bydefault priority is 5.

*Daemon Thread:-In java is a service provider thread that provides servies to the user
thread,its life depend on the mercy of the user thread,ie when all the user thread 
dies then JVM terminate this thread automatically.there are many java threads running
automatically eg finalize,gc etc.

*Synchronization Of Thread:-
when we create multiple thread in one application then all thread get exicute simulteneousa
ly,but if a perticuler block of code or method if you want to exicute completally by
one thread first and then if you want to execute second thread then we can write in
synchronization block or method in that case one thread wait untill another thread
complete this process is known as Synchronization of thread,Synchronization must be
static method. 

*InterThread Communication:-
When we create a multiple thread then there should be comunicate between multiple threads,
for interthread communication following metods are used.
1> wait:-wait method causes current thread is release the lock & wait untill another 
thread is invokes the notify or notify all method for this objects.
2>notify:-Notify Method wake up single thread that is waiting object on this object  pointer.
or
2>notify all:-wakeup all the threads that are waiting on this object pointer.
